feat(installation, troubleshooting): update network settings (#306)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/installation/additional-settings-for-developers/index.md

For more options, see [here](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Tutorials/Logging-and-logger-configuration.html#console-output-formatting).

## Network settings for ROS 2

> This section describes the network settings.

Author: Fixed at https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/306/commits/cebfd3c8f86dd3b92ebc9f1607a148f972c35a2b :+1:

> ROS 2 employs DDS, and the configuration of ROS2 and DDS will be described separately.

Author: Fixed at https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/306/commits/cebfd3c8f86dd3b92ebc9f1607a148f972c35a2b :+1:

> Please refer to [the official documentation](http://design.ros2.org/articles/ros_on_dds.html) for ROS2 networking concepts.

Author: Fixed at https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/306/commits/cebfd3c8f86dd3b92ebc9f1607a148f972c35a2b :+1:

### ROS 2 network setting

> ROS2 multicasts data on the local network by default. When developing in a company, etc., data flows over the local network and there is a possibility of collision.

Author: Fixed at https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/306/commits/cebfd3c8f86dd3b92ebc9f1607a148f972c35a2b :+1:

> ROS2 multicasts data on the local network by default. When developing in a company, etc., data flows over the local network and there is a possibility of collision.

Author: Fixed at https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/306/commits/cebfd3c8f86dd3b92ebc9f1607a148f972c35a2b :+1:

- Localhost-only communication
- Same domain only communication on the local network

> Unless you plan to use multiple host computers on the local network, localhost-only communication is recommended.

Author: How about this modification?
https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/306/commits/cebfd3c8f86dd3b92ebc9f1607a148f972c35a2b

> Unless you plan to use multiple host computers on the local network, localhost-only communication is recommended.

Reviewer: Looks good. Thank you!

#### Enabling localhost-only communication

> By default, ROS 2 communicates using multi-cast, which may unnecessarily increase the network traffic.

Author: Fixed at https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/306/commits/cebfd3c8f86dd3b92ebc9f1607a148f972c35a2b :+1:

> To avoid it, write the following in your `.bashrc`:

Author: Fixed at https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/306/commits/cebfd3c8f86dd3b92ebc9f1607a148f972c35a2b :+1:

> For more information, see [here](https://docs.ros.org/en/humble/Tutorials/Beginner-CLI-Tools/Configuring-ROS2-Environment.html#the-ros-localhost-only-variable).

Author: Fixed at https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/306/commits/cebfd3c8f86dd3b92ebc9f1607a148f972c35a2b :+1:

```bash
export ROS_LOCALHOST_ONLY=1
```

> If exported `ROS_LOCALHOST_ONLY=1`, `MULTICAST` must be enabled at the loopback address. Use the following command to verify that `MULTICAST` is included.

Author: Fixed at https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/306/commits/cebfd3c8f86dd3b92ebc9f1607a148f972c35a2b :+1:

> ```bash
> ip link show lo
> # Result sample
> # 1: lo: <LOOPBACK,MULTICAST,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 65536 qdisc noqueue state UNKNOWN mode DEFAULT group default qlen 1000
> ```

Reviewer: To follow the standard.

``````suggestion
```console
$ ip link show lo
1: lo: <LOOPBACK,MULTICAST,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 65536 qdisc noqueue state UNKNOWN mode DEFAULT group default qlen 1000
```
``````

Author: Fixed at https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/306/commits/cebfd3c8f86dd3b92ebc9f1607a148f972c35a2b :+1:

> If `MULTICAST` is not included, use the following command to enable it.

Reviewer: To clarify it a bit more, how about this?

```suggestion
If the word `MULTICAST` is not printed, use the following command to enable it.
```

Author: Fixed at https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/306/commits/cebfd3c8f86dd3b92ebc9f1607a148f972c35a2b :+1:

export ROS_DOMAIN_ID=X
```

Also confirm that `ROS_LOCALHOST_ONLY` is `0` by using the following command.

```bash

> echo $ROS_LOCALHOST_ONLY # If output is 1, localhost has priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
echo $ROS_LOCALHOST_ONLY # If the output is 1, localhost has priority.
```

Author: Fixed at https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/306/commits/cebfd3c8f86dd3b92ebc9f1607a148f972c35a2b :+1:

```

> For more information, see [here](https://docs.ros.org/en/humble/Tutorials/Beginner-CLI-Tools/Configuring-ROS2-Environment.html#the-ros-domain-id-variable).

Reviewer: https://developers.google.com/style/link-text

```suggestion
For more information, see the [ROS 2 Documentation](https://docs.ros.org/en/humble/Tutorials/Beginner-CLI-Tools/Configuring-ROS2-Environment.html#the-ros-domain-id-variable).
```

Author: Fixed at https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/306/commits/cebfd3c8f86dd3b92ebc9f1607a148f972c35a2b :+1:

### DDS settings

Autoware uses DDS for inter-node communication. [ROS 2 documentation](https://docs.ros.org/en/humble/How-To-Guides/DDS-tuning.html) recommends users to tune DDS to utilize its capability. Especially, receive buffer size is the critical parameter for Autoware. If the parameter is not large enough, Autoware will failed in receiving large data like point cloud or image.

#### Tuning DDS

> Unless customized, CycloneDDS is adopted by default. For example, to execute Autoware with CycloneDDS, prepare config file. A sample config file, named as `cyclonedds_config.xml`, is given below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless customized, CycloneDDS is adopted by default. For example, to execute Autoware with CycloneDDS, prepare a config file. A sample config file is given below. Save it as `cyclonedds_config.xml`.
```

Author: Fixed at https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/306/commits/cebfd3c8f86dd3b92ebc9f1607a148f972c35a2b :+1:

> Refer to [ROS 2 documentation](https://docs.ros.org/en/humble/How-To-Guides/DDS-tuning.html) for more information. Reading user guide for chosen DDS is helpful for more understanding.

Reviewer: Although it's not edited in this PR, but to be consistent styles.

```suggestion
For more information, Refer to [ROS 2 documentation](https://docs.ros.org/en/humble/How-To-Guides/DDS-tuning.html). Reading user guide for chosen DDS is helpful for more understanding.
```

Author: Fixed at https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/306/commits/cebfd3c8f86dd3b92ebc9f1607a148f972c35a2b :+1:
